	Data Language:  
English
Simplified Chinese
Traditional Chinese
	
													
	
		
	
		
	
				
	
XU, Jinpeng

	
	

	
	

		
Browse Course Catalog




	
Course Detail

	


	
Return to Browse Course Catalog

	


	
ACCT 1111 - Foundations in Financial Accounting

	


	
					
	
Course Detail

				
	
Undergraduate

	
Career

	
3.00

	
Units

	
Graded

	
Grading Basis

	
		
	
Lecture
	
Required

	
Course Components


	
Campus

	
Main Campus

	
Academic Group

	
Sch of Accountancy

	
Academic Organization

	
Sch of Accountancy

		

	


	
Enrollment Information

		
	
Add Consent
	
Department Consent Required

	
Drop Consent
	
Department Consent Required

	
Enrollment Requirement
	
Not for students who have taken ACCT2111.


	
Description

	
	
This course develops students' conceptual skills and competence in processing, preparing and reporting accounting information in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP).  It introduces the basic concepts and principles of financial accounting including the analysis, recording and reporting of business transactions; preparation and interpretation of financial statements.  Topics include the accounting principles, the recording process, accounting for assets, liabilities, net income and shareholders' equity; and decision making using accounting information.

	
 




	
Grade Descriptor

	
	

A

Outstanding performance on all learning outcomes.

A-

Generally outstanding performance on all (or almost all) learning outcomes.

B

Substantial performance on all learning outcomes, OR high performance on some learning outcomes which compensates for less satisfactory performance on others, resulting in overall substantial performance.

C

Satisfactory performance on the majority of learning outcomes, possibly with a few weaknesses.

D

Barely satisfactory performance on a number of learning outcomes.

F

Unsatisfactory performance on a number of learning outcomes, OR failure to meet specified assessment requirements.



	


	
	
	
Return to Browse Course Catalog


	


	
				
	

	
Go to top



