Loading Complete
	Data Language:  
English
Simplified Chinese
Traditional Chinese
	
													
	
		
	
		
	
				
	
XU, Jinpeng

	
	

	
	

		
Browse Course Catalog




	
Course Detail

	


	
Return to Browse Course Catalog

	


	
ACCT 2151 - Legal Environment for Business

	


	
					
	
Course Detail

				
	
Undergraduate

	
Career

	
2.00

	
Units

	
Graded

	
Grading Basis

	
		
	
Lecture
	
Required

	
Course Components


	
Campus

	
Main Campus

	
Academic Group

	
Sch of Accountancy

	
Academic Organization

	
Sch of Accountancy

		

	


	
Enrollment Information

		
	
Enrollment Requirement
	
Not for students who have taken ACCT3151


	
Description

	
	
This course seeks to provide an introduction to the legal environment in the business context.  To this end, the course will begin with an examination of the legal system of the Hong Kong SAR before proceeding to encompass a selection of topics in laws relating to business such as contract law, law of negligence, employment law, privacy law, laws of equal opportunities, anti-corruption law and anti-competition law. Students can know the important rules of business law.  These rules concern how the courts deal with business-related disputes in the real life and students can in particular learn issues about consumers’ rights and to what extent the laws enhance a fair business environment.

	
 




	
Grade Descriptor

	
	

A

Outstanding performance on all learning outcomes.

A-

Generally outstanding performance on all (or almost all) learning outcomes.

B

Substantial performance on all learning outcomes, OR high performance on some learning outcomes which compensates for less satisfactory performance on others, resulting in overall substantial performance.

C

Satisfactory performance on the majority of learning outcomes, possibly with a few weaknesses.

D

Barely satisfactory performance on a number of learning outcomes.

F

Unsatisfactory performance on a number of learning outcomes, OR failure to meet specified assessment requirements.



	


	
	
	
Return to Browse Course Catalog


	


	
				
	

	
Go to top



